Meeting 1 - 25/02/25 - Zain
Met with the team on call. We went round and everyone spoke about how they
thought sprint 1 went. Comments that we encouraged were what we thought
went well and what caused issues for us later down the line. A large issue was
time management and so we have decided to conduct more scrum meetings.
This is in hopes that issues will arise faster and can be addressed faster. We
have also proposed the idea of daily scrum meetings (for weekdays). Current
task for everyone is to ensure that a feature is chosen before the session on
27/02.

Meeting 2 - 03/03/25 - Zain
First official start of the scrum meeting and working on sprint 2. All issues
have been assigned and there are no current issues with the assignment. As
scrum master I will create a ruleset for the scrum meetings to ensure that
everyone comes prepared to the meetings. This will ensure that people are
getting the most out of the meetings. So far no one has started coding their
issue.

Meeting 3 - 04/02/25 - Zain
No major team changes, no one has started coding just yet. An extra channel
of communication has been added on discord to separate notes that were
made in the meetings. This will be used to update anyone that was not present
at the meeting. Have decided not to create a scrum rule document to keep the
meetings less formal. given that they are daily we can allow the team to take a
natural course to what we value from the meetings. A notion page has been
created with a tracker for all the tasks. An inline database has been used for
the task tracker which allows for date tracking and status tracking. I will be
adding everyone to this shared page so that they can also view the current
tasks.

Meeting 4 - 05/03/25 - Zain
No major team changes. there is currently an issue with main. Justin and I will
work on restoring main so that there are no errors. The idea for a development
branch has been suggested so that we can catch any errors upon merging
before merging to main.

Meeting 5 - 06/03/25 - Zain
In order to spread the responsibility of submission I have assigned roles to
everyone in the team:
Zain - Scrum master/admin
Justin - Git management
Eren - Scrum board management and screenshots
Sonny - User manual Manager
Dan - Floater/checks for announcements
Ibrahim - Video manager
In order to give notice to the other members in the group on what the
specification requires, the video manager and user manual manager (Ibrahim
and Sonny) will provide a report to the rest of the group on what the
requirements will be.

Meeting 6 - 10/03/25 - Zain
Reviewed report documents from Ibrahim and Sonny on the video spec and
user manual spec. No major changes from rest of team.

Meeting 7 - 12/03/25 - Eren
Management of the schedule of tasks. Making sure everything is on track to
being finished on time, with the internal deadlines still in place. No major
changes from the rest of the team, however plans to start development in
place.

Meeting 8 - 14/03/25 - Ibrahim
Had a team meeting today to check on everyone’s progress, progression is
going great and we plan to have all features completed well before the soft
deadline that we have set.

Meeting 9 - 18/03/25 - Sonny
Met with the team on call. Reviewed everyone's individual issues on their
branches making sure there were no bugs and general maintenance of the
code. Also updated the scrum notes after reviewing the feedback from sprint
one of what we could improve on.

Meeting 10 - 20/03/25 - Dan
The scrum meetings that we attended online, we discussed the updates we
had to any of the code we had. I mentioned that I finished my code and
needed someone to review the code for merging into the main branch. Justin
had offered to do so. Within the meeting we also discussed an extension of
the internal deadline for the features due to the team members all agreeing to
more time required to complete each feature.

Meeting 11 - 25/03/25 - Justin
Today we had an in person meeting so that we could finalise our features and
merge together. Energy drinks were provided by amazing scrum master for
motivation to meet in person. Almost all features have been completed with a
few features still being worked on. A script has been created for the video as
well as user manuals for all features. Dan and Ibrahim spent time looking
though the specifications for anything that we may have missed out. Mostly
we have spent time going through feature integration and prepping for the
video.